DAC LATAM, A Latin American Autonomous Digital-Distributed-Decentralized Organization.

    A purely digital / electronic version of peer organization that would allow collaborative work, in a transparent, censorship-resistant and secure way. Blockchains based on EOSIO and a series of smart contracts written in C ++, provide part of the solution and required infrastructure, however the benefits are lost of being confined to a single type of blockchain / scheme for operation, financing, growth. and community perpetuity. We propose a solution to this, forging a community agnostic to the blockchain where the infrastructure is deployed, not codependent on financing, open to the entire open source and web 3.0 community and focused on the technological empowerment of Latin America.

    The community implements an innovative philosophy / model that we will call "Human Proof of Work", and this will guarantee the issuance of tokens based on the mathematical adjustments necessary to emulate the "Bitcoin Pattern". We propose to faithfully follow the flow of issuance that BITCOIN had. With emission reductions of 1/2 every 4 years. The token that will govern this entire economy is called "LAT" >> Latin American Token. There will only be 21,000,000 tokens, and their maximum amount will be immutable. We will start on the EOS blockchain and then scale between chains to diversify their possible uses, through interchain bridges. The genesis tokens will be generated in EOS and only through their transfer can they be used in other blockchains.

    The genesis DAC will be directed by 11 trustees, who will each have 20 votes to distribute. Voting periods will be 7 days. All the administration and organization parameters of the DAC may be set and changed by voting, with a consensus of 7/11 custodian signatures. THE ISSUANCE of LAT tokens may be mathematically altered by the DAC, however the maximum amount of tokens will always be 21 million (we will configure their immutability). We are composed mostly of Latin Americans and people with love for Latin America, in the same way we are open to all human beings / organizations to be part of our community.

    The genesis will be released in about 1 month after the publication of this "Lite Paper / Manifesto" on the EOS mainnet, for now we will be doing experiments with the DAC parameters on the jungle testnet. We will use "DAC FACTORY", made by "eosDAC" as the main initial infrastructure and we will be evaluating the possibility of implementing cross-chain compatibility systems to be able to deploy the DAC infrastructure in several different blockchains.


Maximum Amount of Tokens: "21,000,000" 
Issuance Protocol: "Human Labor Test" 
Genesis Custodians: 11 
Voting Power per Custodian: 20 
Proposals: Custodians / Other DACs 
Custodians Voting Period: 7 days 
